Welcome, I'm so glad our new detective is here. Let's go to the training room. 
Here we'll teach you the skills necessary to become a great detective. 
We're going to learn how to recognize specific emotions through facial expressions. 
These powerpoint slides will show you what facial features are associated with specific emotions. 
Please let me know when you are ready to start. Press the right trigger when you are ready.
The first emotion we'll be learning to identify is anger. 
We can tell when someone is angry when their eyebrows slant inward, 
their eyes are narrowed,
and their mouth is tightened and turned downward into a frown. 
Press the left trigger if you would like to replay this lesson, or press the right trigger to continue. 
The next emotion we'll be learning to identify is happiness.
We can tell when someone is happy when their eyes are narrowed,
their cheekbones are raised,
and their mouth is turned upward into a smile. 
Please press the left trigger if you would like to replay the lesson or press the right trigger to continue. 
The next emotion we'll be learning to identify is sadness. 
We can tell when someone is sad when their eyebrows are relaxed,
their eyelids are drooping, 
and the corners of their mouth are turned downward into a frown. 
Press the left trigger to replay the lesson or press the right trigger to continue. 
The next emotion we'll be learning to identify is neutral.
We can tell when someone is neutral when their eyebrows are relaxed, 
their gaze is softened,
and when their mouth is straightened and appears relaxed. 
Press the left trigger to replay the lesson or press the right trigger to continue. 
The last emotion we'll be learning to identify is surprised. 
We can tell when someone is surprised when their eyebrows are raised, 
their eyes are wide open, 
and their mouth is hanging open. 
Press the left trigger to replay the lesson or press the right trigger to continue. 
Great job! You've learned the knowledge necessary to become an awesome detective. 
Let's put your new skills to the test at the park! 